README.md, before:

0. Download git@github.com:avmax/.dotfiles.git and put it to the ~/.
1. cd ~/.dotfiles
2. chmod 755 ./install.sh
3. ./index.sh

# Download apps
0. Spectacle https://www.spectacleapp.com/
1. Bitwarden https://bitwarden.com/
2. Telegram https://desktop.telegram.org/
3. Chrome https://www.google.com/chrome
4. Chrome Canary https://www.google.com/chrome/canary/
5. Tor Browser https://www.torproject.org/download/
6. Firefox https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/
7. MIRO https://miro.com/apps/
8. Figma https://www.figma.com/downloads/
9. VSCode https://code.visualstudio.com/download
10. iTerm https://www.iterm2.com/downloads.html
11. Slack https://slack.com/intl/en-ru/downloads/mac
12. Notion https://www.notion.so/desktop
13. Docker https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
14. Postman https://www.postman.com/downloads/

# Setup apps
## iTerm
1. Go to General/Preferences
2. Load preferences from URL and select ~/.dotfiles/iterm

## VSCode
1. Download Settings Sync plugin
2. Sync it with my settings https://gist.github.com/avmax/4296510c21aeee0ab94684d3d3bc61c2

Commit message:

remote iTerm settings folder & update readme iTerm setup manual & add Spectacle setup manual

README.md, after:

0. Download git@github.com:avmax/.dotfiles.git and put it to the ~/.
1. cd ~/.dotfiles
2. chmod 755 ./install.sh
3. ./index.sh

# Download apps
0. Spectacle https://www.spectacleapp.com/
1. Bitwarden https://bitwarden.com/
2. Telegram https://desktop.telegram.org/
3. Chrome https://www.google.com/chrome
4. Chrome Canary https://www.google.com/chrome/canary/
5. Tor Browser https://www.torproject.org/download/
6. Firefox https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/
7. MIRO https://miro.com/apps/
8. Figma https://www.figma.com/downloads/
9. VSCode https://code.visualstudio.com/download
10. iTerm https://www.iterm2.com/downloads.html
11. Slack https://slack.com/intl/en-ru/downloads/mac
12. Notion https://www.notion.so/desktop
13. Docker https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
14. Postman https://www.postman.com/downloads/

# Setup apps
## Spectacle
1. ln ~/.dotfiles/spectacle ~/Library/Application/Shortcuts.json Support/Spectacle/.

## iTerm
1. Install InconsolataGo Nerd Font Complete from ~/.dotfiles/fonts
2. Go to Settings/Profiles/Colors and in color presets select field choose Solarized Light
3. Go to Settings/Profiles/Text and in choose InconsolataGo Nerd Font / Regular / 14 / 100 / 100 as primary font
4. Go to Settings/Profiles/Text and change Cursor from Box to Vertical Bar

## VSCode
1. Download Settings Sync plugin
2. Sync it with my settings https://gist.github.com/avmax/4296510c21aeee0ab94684d3d3bc61c2
